Update to latest strapi version in the disclaimer in the README (#560)
meilisearch/strapi-plugin-meilisearch: README.md

## 🔧 Installation

> This package version works with the [v4 of Strapi](https://github.com/strapi/strapi/tree/v4.1.3). If you are using [Strapi v3](https://github.com/strapi/strapi/tree/v3.6.9), please refer to [this README](https://github.com/meilisearch/strapi-plugin-meilisearch/tree/v0.6.0-strapi-v3.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package version works with the [v4 of Strapi](https://github.com/strapi/strapi/tree/v4.1.3). If you are using [Strapi v3](https://github.com/strapi/strapi/tree/v3.6.9), please refer to [this README](https://github.com/meilisearch/strapi-plugin-meilisearch/tree/v3_main).
```

Author: Awesome! :)
